Skill Samples (dotnet) (#2032)
microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples: samples/csharp_dotnetcore/70.skills-simple-bot-to-bot/README.md

# SimpleBotToBot (**DRAFT**)

> Bot Framework v4 Skills Echo sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bot Framework v4 skills echo sample.
```

> This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to use skills from a rootbot.

Reviewer: Or maybe it should be, "...from a host (root) bot." Or, some other wording altogether.
```suggestion
This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to use skills from a root (host) bot.
```

Author: Addressed

## Prerequisites

- [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) version 2.1

  ```bash
  # determine dotnet version
  dotnet --version
  ```

## Key concepts

> - A [SimpleRootBot](SimpleRootBot/README.md) that can consume an echo skill.

Reviewer: I think these bullets are now stale. Perhaps replace with short descriptions of what a host and skill bot are, or link to the skills concept doc, once it's published.

- A [EchoSkillBot](EchoSkillBot/README.md) that handle echoes message activities from the parent bot.

## To try this sample
- Open the solution and configure it to run both projects (TODO: explain this)

> - Create a bot registration in the azure portal for the EchoSkillBot and update [EchoSkillBot/appsettings.json](EchoSkillBot/appsettings.json) with the AppId and password.

Reviewer: I generally prefer to spell out app ID, or to use it as a literal, `appId`.
```suggestion
- Create a bot registration in the azure portal for the EchoSkillBot and update [EchoSkillBot/appsettings.json](EchoSkillBot/appsettings.json) with the app ID and password.
```

Author: Addressed

> - Create a bot registration in the azure portal for the SimpleRootBot and update [SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json](SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json) with the AppId and password. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a bot registration in the azure portal for the SimpleRootBot and update [SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json](SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json) with the app ID and password. 
```

Author: Addressed

> - Update the BotFrameworkSkills section in [SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json](SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json) with the AppId for the skill you created in the previou step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the `BotFrameworkSkills` section in [SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json](SimpleRootBot/appsettings.json) with the app ID for the skill you created in the previous step.
```

Author: Addressed
